g'day guys today I'm going to show you
how to make a really quick simple and
delicious appetizer so you will need for
starters some bread and some bacon now
I've cut these into squares as you can
see here you will also need some cherry
tomatoes which have been halved some
lettuce leaves now you can use whatever
type of lettuce you want for this some
mayonnaise or any other condiment you
desire some toothpicks and some butter
so here I've got a barbecue plate
preheated to a medium temperature and
I'm just going to start by cooking up
those pieces of bacon we want really
good crispy bacon here and once the
Bacon's been turned I'm gonna start on
the bread so for this just spread some
butter on the other half the plate
gently place on those slices of bread
and just Pat them down in the center and
these will only take a couple of minutes
to cook and once the bacons done just
take it off onto some paper towel to
drain turn over those pieces of bread
and these will just need another minute
or so and they are done as well and it's
time to put this together so take one of
your pieces of toast squeeze on a dollop
of mayonnaise
a piece of crispy bacon some lettuce
some tomato and a toothpick and that is
all you need to do guys it is a quick
and simple enjoy these are fantastic
guys they are so tasty be sure to give
them a go check out my indoor cooking
channel my Google+ and my Facebook pages
I've put the links down in the
description bar along with the full list
of ingredients for today's recipe thanks
for watching and I'll catch you all next
time